#summary One-sentence summary of this page.

= System Core : Hackers unleashed Wiki =

Welcome to our wiki page.
Here is a small menu to what we may need.
<table border="1" cellpadding="5">
   <tr >
      <td align="center">*ideas*</td>
      <td align="center">*Coading*</td>
   </tr>
   <tr valign="top">
     <td>
 * [[dev-gp|Gameplay]]
  * [[dev-gp-Multiplayer|Multiplayer]]
  * [[dev-gp-missions|Missions]]
  * [[dev-gp-levelsys|Level System]]
  * [[dev-gp-factions|Fractions]]
 * [[dev-serv|Servers]]
  * [[dev-serv-software|Software]]
  * [[dev-serv-hardware|Hardware ]]
 * [[dev-os|Operating system]]
  * [[dev-os-Windows|Windows]]
  * [[dev-os-Linux|Linux]] 
 * [[ dev-GUI|GUI]]
 * [[dev-Programs |Programs ]]
    </td>
    <td>
     * [[dev-Model| Model]]
      * database
     *
    </td>
   </tr>
</table>


----

== Description of System Core ==
System Core will be developed in Java. The game will include multiplayer and some missions.
The GUI  is made with the thought that it should be easy, and with as many options as possible.

As the primary way to hack, we'll create a command prompt for commands, and this must parse respectively Windows and Linux commands depending on the chosen system.

There will be put a lot of work in the hacking programs and perhaps later some small games inside System Core.

System Core will be based on a level system, so new users should start low and work themselves up, after which they have better systems and programs.
To get properly started designing the game, there must be proper consideration of servers, software, hardware, missions, GUI, and many more things.